So you've managed to log in and have wandered around a bit and view the
scenery. Now what? Read on to find out how begin in the game of Mason.

The pig seller
--------------

Your first task is to buy a pig. First find the pig seller (called Dyfed
Searae) and make sure that there are pigs in the sty. If there are none,
then the following process will just result in loosing your money. If
there are pigs then to buy one you need to say "I would like to buy a pig"
to the pig seller (Note: This is case sensitive). You just need to be
close by the pig seller. The seller should respond by telling you that
pigs cost 5 gold coins. To pay the seller, move the mouse cursor over
The seller which makes the seller the target entity. To give the coins
to the pig seller, move then mouse cursor over the seller and select
him. Then either type "/give 5 coin" in the console, or open the inventory
and select a coin and press "give". Do this five times. This will
give the coins to the seller and in return you should get a pig. Beware
however, the pig seller won't sell you a pig at night, nor will you
get a pig is the sty is empty. He will just keep your money instead.


Now you have your own pig, you need to fatten it up before you can sell
it to the butcher for money. You can do this by feeding it. The Mason
world has several food items that the pig will eat, such as apples and
acorns. These can be found by the trees that produce these items. If there
is no food items by the tree, touching the tree (move the mouse cursor
over the tree and use the "/touch" command) will cause the tree to drop
its food, if there is any available. If a pig in near the food, it will
automatically start to move towards it and eat it. To control where a
pig moves, you need to "touch" it. The pig will then move away from you.

There are several hazards to pig farming. The most common hazard is
skeletons. These will chase the pigs around the world. However, they can
be destroyed by "touching" them. They stay dead until the lych respawns
them. Another hazard is the wolf which also chases pigs, but it cannot
be killed. The most dangerous hazard is the crab which will eat any pigs
it finds.

Pigs are sold to the butcher. To sell a pig, you need to locate the
butcher, and show him the pig. Tell him you are interested in selling a
pig by saying "I would like to sell a pig". He will ask you which pig
you want to see. Show him by selecting the pig in your inventory, and
pressing the Wield button to hold the pig in your hand. The butcher
will offer you a price. To accept the offer, give the pig to the butcher
by selecting him on the screen, selecting the pig in your inventory,
and pressing the Give button.  You will then get some coins back
in exchange for the pig. The exact value depends on how fat the pig is.

There are a new set of features allowing you to equip and use objects. By
equiping an axe, you can use it to chop down a tree, then use it again
to create lumber. Equiping a scythe and using it on a grassy area allows
you to collect grass. Equipping a shovel allows you to collect sand.

That's it! You should now be well equipped to continue your adventure. You
may wish to alter your appearance or visit the village.
